So now were successfully passing parameters and using them.
Let me now go back to that Post's component again.
Right now we're using a link to load a single post and navigate to its page and there's nothing wrong
with that.
However I now want to show you an alternative and for this or comment out the link heart here with a
normal comment because I'm not inside GSX here so I don't raptus in a link.
Therefore I need to add the key to post again because now post is again the top most element in our
array we're returning.
But now I'm not using link any more.
And I can therefore remove the import and actually remove the whole import statement.
I have to find some other way of going to that post.
And remember that we have this clicked listener where we execute this post selected handler where we
also pass the ID.
We can use that method.
And here I don't want to use the state instead.
I want to navigate programmatically.
And I was showing this here as a demo of course using the link would be fine for this use case but you
also sometimes have use cases where you want to navigate after something finished after HTP request
was sent.
For example we'll see this again later.
Now to do this we can take advantage of that history object we received on the props.
Remember here in the props we got history and there we actually have some functions we can execute functions
for navigating around like go back or go forward which do exactly what they sound like they basically
do the same you have with the forward and backward buttons.
There also is this push method which allows you to push a new page onto the stack of pages because navigation
basically just is about a stack of pages.
That is why the back and forward buttons work in the browser because you can go back to the last page
on the stack or forward again to that page on the stack you have on the top of it.
Before you went back.
So therefore we can use this prop's history push.
And then a string or Also an object so essentially the same we use in router link on the two property
to navigate to a page.
So there we could navigate to a javascript object where a said lbf name to slash and then plus the ID.
And this is just the same I had down there with link to just using the object notation.
But again the alternative which I'll comment out would be to just go to slash plus ID.
So just passing a string so both will work now.
And with.
If I go back to my application to home and I click on a post that still works.
Now however programmatically and chust demonstrate that it does work even with the Aberg notation let
me comment it this way.
Now if I go back to home and click on a post we still go to that post.
So now we're navigating program magically which can be important from time to time mostly used after
a given operation finished.